[Music]
where do you want this chair
jane by the window or in the corner over
there
ally it's a lovely flat and this is a
very pleasant
street what did you say the neighbors
were like oh don't worry they're all
lovely you're going to be very happy
here
here let me give you a hand
why did you want to move in here i've
told you a hundred times matt
i needed a change i don't understand
you had a great room at helen's house
and more space but you haven't got more
space here
by the time all your stuff's in it's
going to feel really cramped
and you're moving in with your sister
this water heater looks a bit old mr
usher call me eddie
is it reliable reliable it's top quality
ellie
[Music]
i'm sorry matt the whole thing between
us was
a mistake a moment of madness
it wasn't i love you
and i love you too but not like that
i think i was feeling sorry for you and
that's not really the basis for a
relationship is it
everything's in perfect working order
any problems i'm only a phone call away
here's my card no thanks
but this is only for office hours isn't
there a 24-hour emergency service
ali do me a favor on this rent
just give me one more chance matt please
oh oh no that was my fault i'm really
sorry
no it wasn't yes it was
what the hell's going on down there i'm
sorry we just
we're just moving in well can't you move
in some other time
it's two in the afternoon and i got back
from new york at six o'clock this
morning
so can you try to keep the noise down
[Music]
is this your guitar jane what
no it isn't it's mine i'm off to a
rehearsal now with my band
i didn't know you were in a band well
you don't know everything about me
obviously not you can't judge a book by
its cover
yeah i'd like to hear you play have you
got any gigs planned
no we haven't not yet
we're waiting for the right moment
good for you i used to be in the music
business
now i work with all the biggest bands
led zeppelin
deep purple abba
maybe i can help you as your band made a
cd
you are send me a copy
[Music]
oh no what's happened to our telly
it was my fault i dropped it i'll see if
i can get it repaired
that's beyond repair mate
[Music]
professional
non-smoking definitely
what else was in the advert when you
moved in here you are
oh thanks ali sorry what time do you
finish today
at six are you coming to see our new
flat
absolutely yeah definitely great
quiet that's important put that in
what is it david
[Music]
what oh nothing just going to the loo
what's going on have you got any money
money how much i could possibly manage
five pounds
two hundred two hundred pounds you must
be joking
one that you want two hundred pounds for
please david
it's important
please
it's nice it's the rent sheet hardly
but the landlord thinks it is well we
are renting a whole flat
not just a room maybe that's simon
i'll go how are things with simon
i don't know he's always busy
i never see him
what's that i brought you a housewarming
present
oh mad it looks really expensive
yeah it's cost a fortune
simon champagne and flowers
right thanks helen
it's okay it's really thoughtful of you
yeah
but uh they're not from me i found them
outside the door
hang on a sec there's a note
it's from bill who's bill
i'm so sorry i was rude earlier i was
really very jet-lagged
welcome to your new home
the guy upstairs what that grumpy
american
well he can't be that grumpy can he
[Music]
hi hello see you in a bit yeah
hi helen i'm so sorry i'm late
it's all right your hair looks wet i
didn't know it was raining
it's not i had a bit of an accident
you okay yeah i'm fine
it's a long story i'll tell you later
what about you you sounded really
worried on the phone what's wrong
everything why
matt's changed since you left he used to
be so quiet
asleep most of the time half asleep the
rest of it
but now he's taken up the guitar yeah
he's joined some kind of band hasn't he
what are they like
i haven't heard them but he's appalling
and i don't know what to do about simon
it's getting worse
he's just not interested in me anymore
he's always doing something else
take last tuesday
[Music]
i'd been waiting outside the cinema for
over half an hour before he turned up
[Music]
everything all right
i was really looking forward to seeing
this film
but it had only just started when his
mobile run
[Music]
tell me how it ends i'll call you later
it's been like this for weeks i think
he's seeing someone else
are you listening what
that's terrible you should tell him to
turn down the volume
who matt matt
thanks that's really helpful
so what happened to you you said you had
some sort of accident
well it involves our new neighbor
bill the american yep gosh got to hear
this
i'll be right back
[Applause]
[Music]
ali had gone to work when i got home i
fancied a relaxing evening
[Music]
so i made the flat nice and decided to
have a shower
[Applause]
[Music]
ah
are you okay in there
hello is anybody there
can you hear me
is everything all right yes thank you
i stubbed my toe
we haven't been formally introduced my
name's bill
bill fisher and i'm jane
shane wilson good to meet you
look i'm uh i'm sorry about the door
but i i heard a scream yeah it was me
when i got in the shower the water was
freezing i think the water heat has
broken down
you're not an electrician by any chance
well i am a scientist although i work in
pharmaceuticals actually
have you got a screwdriver and a
flashlight
oh you mean a torch is that what they
call it over here
yeah but i haven't got one okay i'll go
get mine
[Music]
[Applause]
this is a polling it was put in years
ago
can you turn off the main switch oh yeah
it's probably in the hall yeah
right of course
next to the fuse box under the stairs
okay just as i was going to look for the
main switch
the phone rang again it was you hi helen
what are you up to
i'm standing outside freud's and waiting
for simon
can we talk of course shall i come and
meet you there
say in half an hour i'm a bit busy at
the moment
thanks jane okay bye
are you done up there yep i think i can
see the problem
there's a loose wire can you hold the
torch for me
unfortunately the electricity hadn't
been turned off
what do you mean the electricity hadn't
you hadn't turned it off i know
and i felt terrible is bill okay
well
hey take it easy i am so sorry about
this
accidents happen it's no big deal
but just wait till i talk to eddie usher
that wiring is disgrace
how what is that stuff it's a
homeopathic cure
unscientific but it's good
i guess you really like tv
not especially why well that's a pretty
impressive screen
oh that it was given to me by matt
is that the guy i saw you with last
sunday
yeah is he your boyfriend
no ex-boyfriend
and then what happened nothing
i came here and left him to mend the
door
you didn't
[Music]
nice one boys very impressive though you
should work on that ending
i've drawn up a contract for you
for heaven's sake like trouble
yeah this old thing's useless it was
such a lovely day i wanted to go for a
ride in the country
well why don't you come with me i'm just
about to go for a spin on my mg
i should stay and sort this out yeah i
can fix that for you later come on
is that thing safe
safe you mean like can it give you an
electric shock
i just meant it looks a bit on the
antiquated side
that is one of the finest sports cars
ever made in britain
so you coming okay have i got time to
wash my hands
sure
cappuccino's all round ellie
okay let's get down to business
i liked your cd i think you boys are
good
i even think you might become quite big
if you get
the brakes but listen i'm only going to
say this once
you must get a new singer got it what's
wrong with matt
do i have to spell it out no
don't good because you should always
listen to your uncle eddie
[Music]
so what do you think of my little old
english sports car
i love it i never understood why the
british stopped making cars
okay i i can understand pulling out a
volume production
because those cars could be made cheaper
elsewhere but
cars for niche markets the brits were
the best
sorry bill this won't take a second no
problem
hi hello
you don't have to sign anything you
don't want to but if we enter into a
formal agreement
i can give you boys a help in hand
finished
thanks ali thanks
what kind of help first off
i can fix you up with a gig a gig we
could set up a gig for ourselves
at the galaxy i don't think so
what else let's put it this way i'm
seeing an old friend of mine this
evening
he signs up new acts for the top record
companies
i could ask him to come along to your
show what do you say
[Music]
can you ride i may be an american but
i'm no cowboy
i guess you can yeah i love it
i learned to ride at drama school it was
part of the training
you know speaking singing dancing horse
riding right
so do you do a lot of acting i wish
i actually do a lot of teaching i've got
to make a living
sure
do you like what you do well my job
yeah the job's good
[Music]
there's no need to read the whole thing
it's a standard agreement sorry
i'll be back in a minute i just need to
have a word with someone
go trouble
we're meeting at the low bar at about 10
so if you'd like to come along hi helen
hi simon i didn't see you in here
i'll catch you later is
he a friend of yours oh yeah
well sort of actually i came in here to
see ally
what are you doing here
everything all right it's all totally
above board matt
you just have to sign here
[Music]
but what about simon we only need one
signature
[Applause]
and your copy
you won't regret this
you know how matt was really good about
jane well this music thing's become
really important to him and i just
wanted to give him some support
i mean all the secrecy is because of
matt
but why didn't you tell me i thought you
were seeing somebody else
oh sorry i just didn't think i could
tell you
i know you can't stand his music it
isn't music well eddie thinks it is can
you believe him
no but matt does and that's enough for
me
where's eddie oh he couldn't hang around
he's a busy man
[Music]
you know i haven't had this much fun in
a long time
me neither i'm getting to really like it
here
that's good the thing is
that might be going back to the states
for work yeah
that's why i had to go back to new york
just before you moved into the house
i might be taking on something new it's
not definite
they're still making up their minds
hi matt what's up
nothing i was looking for ally
she's still at work isn't she oh yeah
right that doesn't look too good
the chain keeps coming off
right i'll see you then
bye bye
[Music]
i'm off are you seeing bill tonight
yeah but just for a drink nothing
serious though
the last thing i need right now is a
relationship
especially one where we could be waving
at each other from opposite sides of the
atlantic
he's probably being transferred to new
york oh no
oh yes which is why i'm taking a step
back
we should talk about this later yeah
sure see you
[Music]
bye
oh sorry uh i'm a bit
lost i'm trying to find a rehearsal room
for the broken hearts are you going to
the audition
you don't look much like a singer me no
i'm a friend
a friend and an advisor is that where
you're going i can't find the number
me neither i've never been here before
hang on
i've got an idea
hello what david hi
just a minute i'm taking a call matt
all right come in
for the audition yeah great we're just
this way
[Music]
[Applause]
oh hello is that the cosmic harmony
center
yes i'm interested in joining one of
your tai chi classes
no i've never tried it but i do yoga
every day
[Music]
i'm sure the contract's all right but
you know what helen's like
and she's making simon nervous too you
know i'm doing a big favor here
yeah i really appreciate it i mean i
normally charge for legal advice
and i doubt that you could afford my
hourly rate
and you are iggy
great we're not quite ready at the
moment
uh why don't you take a seat whatever
david just one thing it's okay to video
the candidates isn't it
candidates it's not a job interview
david as long as you don't use the video
for commercial purposes it's fine
that's what i said that's brilliant
thanks for your help
david you know you still owe me the 200
pounds i lent you for jane's tv
i haven't forgotten it i'll start paying
you back after our gig
your real mate
okay melissa can you tell us something
about yourself
sure uh my name's melissa
but i guess you all know that by now and
i've always wanted to be a singer in a
band in fact
i've been in a band and our records have
sold all over the world
really you know i had a number 27 hit in
norway
and got into the top 100 in luxembourg
and we were pretty successful for about
two years
but then it all went wrong our manager
was sent to prison
he was really horrible he cheated us out
of lots of money
but hey we were young and innocent
things happen
how young well i was eight when i joined
the band so i guess i was
10 when we split up right
so could you sing something for us now
sure i'd love to i'd like to sing
amazing grace
amazing grace how sweet the
sound
hi hello i'd like some information on
your acupuncture classes please
yeah it's jane wilson the address is
number nine manchester road
[Music]
okay
what do you make of that he's amazing
i had no idea he played the piano he's
quite something isn't he
maybe but like i said he's not for me
oh come off it jane you're crazy about
him
[Music]
we're just having a bit of fun that's
all
[Music]
we're just two ships passing in the
night
[Music]
well i hope you won't be sending me an
sos
that was hopeless ten singers and 10
disasters
what about melissa
her singing was even worse than yours
she's pretty fit though
in an obvious way that doesn't appeal to
me
i think we could all do with a drink
good idea
i played in jazz clubs back home for a
time i even
thought about going professional but you
know
work money career
why don't you sing along me why not
i can't you're always singing at home
mustang selling
i guess you'd better slow that mustang
down
come on don't be shy
[Music]
all you wanna do
what if bill doesn't want to do it
you're bill be wiping those weapons
[Music]
so you're telling us the contract is
disaster
i'm afraid so
what if we decided to ignore the
contract
well you could ignore it but my advice
is that you would be in big trouble
that's just brilliant why did you sign
it
a contract drawn up by a wide boy like
eddie usher
what happens if we do the gig david
eddie will get all the money i'm not
turning up at the galaxy just to line
eddie usher's pockets
you'd better do something about that
contract oh we won't be playing any gigs
anywhere
okay i'll think of something yeah
right and what about jane is she gonna
sing with us or not
look i'm working on it
don't worry
foreign
wow
somebody likes you i doubt it
who are they from i don't know there's
no card or anything
oh they're wonderful they must be from
bill
he likes to send flowers i'll put them
in some water
yes
[Music]
jane hi bill
i don't know what i've done to deserve
them but thanks for the flowers
the flowers they're wonderful
but not from me they're not
no but anyway it's good you called
can we meet up later something's come up
and i'd really like to talk to you about
it
such as well i really don't want to talk
about it on the phone
i'd rather tell you face to face i'll
pick you up seven would that be okay
sure i'll see you at seven bye
that's weird they're not from bill
it's eddie
hello eddie we're glad you've called
are you that's nice nah listen girls i'm
a reasonable man
but rules are there to be obeyed you're
getting behind with your rent
and that isn't good for anyone why don't
you arrange a standing order with your
bank to pay me to rent every month
because if you do that we'll avoid any
unnecessary unpleasantness
when you fix the wiring and repair the
water heater will pay the rent
but not before
that told him at least we know eddie
can't have sent the flowers
you know what i think it must have been
matt
oh perhaps you better call him
could you do it please
[Music]
is that you matt it's ally
sorry ally there was uh something funny
with the line
i i know this is a bit of an odd
question but did you send some flowers
to jane this morning
will she do it what
it was all on the note there was no note
oh no it must have fallen off i want her
to sing with us
sing with you well with the band
we need a singer and when we heard jane
the other night we thought
well i thought she was brilliant did you
so did i you know something that's a
really nice idea
i'll have a word with her about it
thanks ali you're a star
bye matt how about trying something that
could really change your life
[Music]
i can't believe this it's crazy you know
he's my job if i get caught
eddie's the real criminal not us
probably go to prison
but if we don't find the contract i'll
never be able to pay you back all your
money
so let's get started
how are we going to find the contract in
all this slot it's like looking for a
needle in a haystack
i know
have you got it already no but
it's heavy
so what i wanted to say to you was
they've offered you the job in new york
that's right they emailed me this
morning and wanted to know how soon
[Applause]
what the hell are you doing in here
legally it's called
breaking and entering who do you think
you are a lawyer
that's right and i'm representing matt
and simon i wouldn't do that if i were
you if you call the police i'll have to
show them this
mr asha or should i say mr pim
or mr de quincy or
senor hector fernandez
now the contract for the ban isn't very
favorable to my clients i wonder if i
might suggest one or two changes
david are you okay couldn't be better
listen eddie's agreed to make changes to
the contract
has he cancelled the gig no the gig's
fine also he's going to be doing some
repairs to jane's flat
all you need now is a singer a what
a singer yeah i'm working on it
good the only concession eddie wasn't
prepared to make
was that the lead singer could be you
sorry
catch you later bye yeah bye
matt would you mind telling us what's
going on
[Music]
i've been dreaming of this jane i always
knew you'd come back to me
jane hi oh hi how are things
oh fine listen
can we meet up later i i don't know
i'm not quite sure what i'm doing the
thing is
i really need to talk to you and we
never really got a chance the other day
what with matt's unexpected arrival
we could talk now yeah i'm sorry i can't
right now i've got to go to the office
on a saturday there's loads of stuff i
need to sort out
you know for the move back to new york
they're really putting me under pressure
to leave as soon as possible
right anyway
do you think we can meet up later say
about eight
well you can try don't worry i will
i'd like to take you out for dinner
[Music]
i've been thinking uh-oh no really
what are you going to do about the band
don't you
start i've already been sent this
he's a bit desperate isn't he well
wouldn't you be
the gig's in 10 hours you've got to let
him know
i will i will it'd be awful to let him
down
and it isn't just him there's simon
there's helen
she's doing everything she can even
david's helping out and for no
money
why don't you sing with them you know
the songs and you've got a fabulous
voice
what have you got to lose you know what
the problem is
i just don't want matt getting the wrong
idea
anyway bill wants to take me out for
dinner tonight
it's funny how people think bad news and
food go together
i really think you should give matt a
break doesn't he deserve it
deserve it he's put such a lot of effort
into this band
and he's tried so hard to put your
relationship behind him he isn't trying
it on i'm sure of it
he doesn't want to get back together
with you you seem to know an awful lot
about matt all of a sudden
well we've talked about it that's all
[Music]
one two one two
it's not very original ally
it's great to see you but you're a bit
early for the gig
i know i was just wondering if there's
anything i could do to help
that's really nice of you i want it to
go well
is there any news about jane
[Music]
bye
she's not coming is she she must have
decided to go out to dinner with bill
okay matt it's down to you
everybody gather round
everybody can anyone tell me what's
going on
you just warming up where's your singer
she couldn't make it couldn't make it
i've invited important people from the
business i've signed a contract that
gives away nearly all my rights
and now you're telling me you haven't
even got a singer
you're not singing matt no way contract
clearly stipulates
that you are not going to sing with the
band am i right or am i right
from a strictly contractual point of
view you're right eddie we're on in a
few minutes
[Music]
james i really care about you
you're the best thing that's happened to
me in a long time
and i don't want to lose you well i'm
not the one who's going to new york you
can come with me
what well i don't mean
i don't know what i mean but there must
be a way we can make this work
please
oh i'm so sorry i really ought to answer
this
okay
[Music]
jane where are you we need you
desperately
what's happened and now let me introduce
to you
the one and only broken heart featuring
eddie asha
[Music]
eddie you've got to be joking
they didn't have a choice wait a moment
i need to talk to bill
what's going on is it the gig yes it's a
disaster
i've really got to go and sing okay
we can sort this out later
ali i'm coming please don't
go
[Music]
what's up what's going on sorry eddie uh
change your plan she doing here the
contract clearly stipulates that the
band can choose its own singer provided
it's not matt
come on eddie you know it makes sense
break a leg you better be good
those boys have got a damn good deal out
of me
[Music]
oceans hide it all
best to smile here i
am here i
am
waiting to hold you
[Music]
[Applause]
cardinals the usual numbers and ordinals
okay the number is about order
now today we're going to study from
number 11 to number 20
11 11
12. i know that this one is quite
difficult to remember
12 12 12
12 okay 13
13 13
14 14
15 15
6 16
17 17
18 18
19 19
20 20.
okay number 13 to number
19 okay we end with
t e e n okay
teen and then we stress here 18
13 14 15
16 17 18 19
okay but number 20 okay this is
20 okay not 20 20.
and for these two tea this tea is
stressed so we have to say 10 and this
tea that is not stressed
you can say 20 or 20 okay
20 or in american english people
prefer saying
20 20 okay you can say 20
or 20 let's say uh
now look at number 15.
remember we say
5 okay
this is 5 5 but
15 remember that's difference okay
that's the difference between them so 5
15 15 okay
now for the ordinals
i think they are almost the same
just at th at the end
okay eleventh 11th
12th 12th
13th 13th
13th 14th
14th 15th
16th remember 6th 16th
17th 18th
19th 20th sorry 20th
20th